README.md, before:

# Project #1
The Front-End Web Development project prompt for Instructional Staff applicants.

Create a single page personal website from scratch (using HTML and CSS) and host it on GitHub. 

The content for this personal website does not have to be yours - you are free to use another person, a celebrity, a business, a pet (or anything fun, really!) as an example.

The restrictions for this project are light; have fun with this!
-  **Do NOT use a website template** The whole point is to show us what __you__ can do.
-  You can use CSS and JS libraries (such as jQuery and Bootstrap), if you want.
-  You are not required to include JavaScript in your website, but if you do, that will count towards BONUS (see Rubric below).

Since you are required to host your website on the GitHub platform...
For those unfamiliar with Git version control and/or the GitHub platform, please refer to the following links to set up your project:
1. If you don't already have an account with GitHub, please create one! (this is a professional platform, so be mindful of your username)
2. Before you start working on your o
Applicants will be provided with instructions on how to use the GitHub platform, how to properly host content in GitHub, as well as the rubric for the assessment itself.

Setting up local GitHub, hosting on GitHub. w/rubric

## Rubric
### HOSTING
Websites should be properly hosted on GitHub.
### CONTENT
Ideal websites will have content typically associated with a personal website such as the person’s name, an 'About' section, accolades or projects, a contact section, etc. Anything additional, such as interactive components, will count towards BONUS.
### STYLE
Although style can be subjective, ideal websites will have a clear intentional styling such as a consistent color palette, font, and imagery should play a role in the overall look and 'feel' of the website. Anything additional, such as animations, will count towards BONUS.
### CODE
The HTML and CSS documents should be clear and organized. Any libraries used will not count towards this criteria. Anything additional, such as custom JavaScript, will count towards BONUS.
### BONUS
Although not required, any additional effort or complexity will be taken into consideration.

Commit message:

almost final
missing link to detailed instructions

README.md, after:

# Project #1 - Create and host a website  
**Create a single page personal website from scratch (using HTML and CSS) and host it on GitHub.**

The content for this personal website does not have to be yours - you are free to use another person, a celebrity, a business, a pet (or anything fun, really!) as an example.

The restrictions for this project are light; have fun with this!
-  **Do NOT use a website template**. The whole point is to show us what __you__ can do.
-  You can use CSS and JS libraries (such as jQuery and Bootstrap) if you prefer, but they are not a requirement.
-  You are also not required to include JavaScript in your website, but if you do, it will count towards the BONUS (see Rubric below).

Since you are required to host your website on the GitHub platform...  
-  If you are familiar with Git and GitHub, feel free to jump down to the Rubric
-  If you are unfamiliar with Git version control and/or the GitHub platform, please refer to the following instructions to set up your project:

### What is Git?
Git is a version control software. You might save files on your computer, but without a way to track changes to those files there is no built in way to see what changes have occured or to revert the file back to the first time it was saved. Git, and other version control systems, track file changes! So, if you ever make a mistake or the changes you made don't work for whatever reason, you can always roll back to a previous version with a single command.

In all, Git is considered an industry standard, and although you may not be completely comfortable with using it at this point, it behooves you to get acquainted with how it works sooner rather than later.

Git is accessed through the terminal. If you are unfamiliar with command line arguments, that's OK! Explicit instructions are provided. Interfacing with a computer through the terminal is another industry standard you will want to get acquainted with.

### What is GitHub?
GitHub is a free and public platform for saving your Git tracked changes to a remote server, effectively saving your files to the cloud, allowing you (and others!) to access them from anywhere.

Another big advantage of using GitHub is that GitHub offers free web hosting! Students in the Summer Intensive will be taking advantage of this free service. Therefore, hosting a website on GitHub is a critical skill for instructors to know, and that's why it's a requirement for this project!

## Setting up your project folder (repo)
1. If you don't already have Git installed on your computer, please [download it](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
2. If you don't already have an account with [GitHub](https://github.com), please create one (this is a professional platform, so be mindful of your username)
3. Follow these painfully detailed instructions to create your first repo, clone it to your computer, and eventually commit and push your changes back to GitHub to host your website.

## Rubric
### HOSTING
Websites should be properly hosted on GitHub.
### CONTENT
Ideal websites will have content typically associated with a personal website such as the person’s name, an 'About' section, accolades or projects, a contact section, etc. Anything additional, such as interactive components, will count towards BONUS.
### STYLE
Although style can be subjective, ideal websites will have a clear intentional styling such as a consistent color palette, font, and imagery should play a role in the overall look and 'feel' of the website. Anything additional, such as animations, will count towards BONUS.
### CODE
The HTML and CSS documents should be clear and organized. Any libraries used will not count towards this criteria. Anything additional, such as custom JavaScript, will count towards BONUS.
### BONUS
Although not required, any additional effort or complexity will be taken into consideration.
